wiki/permissions.md, before:

To enable permission usage you must set `usePermissions` to `true` inside `config.yml`!

If you have permissions enabled, then by default players have NO permissions, and permissions are only granted to OP's.

**Available Permissions**
``` yaml
permissions:
    shop.use:
        description: Allows player to use all shops.
        default: op
    shop.use.sell:
        description: Allows player to use selling shops.
        default: op
    shop.use.buy:
        description: Allows player to use buying shops.
        default: op
    shop.use.barter:
        description: Allows player to use barter shops.
        default: op
    shop.use.combo:
        description: Allows player to use combo buy/sell shops.
        default: op
    shop.use.gamble:
        description: Allows player to use gambling shops.
        default: op

    shop.create:
        description: Allows player to create all shops.
        default: op
    shop.create.sell:
        description: Allows player to create selling shops.
        default: op
    shop.create.buy:
        description: Allows player to create buying shops.
        default: op
    shop.create.barter:
        description: Allows player to create barter shops.
        default: op
    shop.create.combo:
        description: Allows player to create combo shops that both buy and sell.
        default: op
    shop.create.gamble:
        description: Allows player to create admin gamble shops. Only give this permission to Operators!
        default: op

    shop.destroy:
        description: Allows player to destroy their own shops.
        default: op
    shop.destroy.other:
        description: Allows player to destroy other player's shops.
        default: op

    shop.buildlimit.#:
         description: Restricts the number of shops a player can create. For example shop.buildlimit.10 would limit players to creating 10 shops maximum.
         default: op

    shop.setdisplay:
         description: Allows player to set the display type on their shop (allows shop display cycling, see actionMappings in config.yml).
         default: op

    shop.gui.teleport:
         description: Allows player to use teleport to shops by using the gui.
         default: op

    shop.operator:
        description: Allows access to operator actions like setting currency, setting the gamble item, reloading configs, creating gamble/admin shops, etc.
        default: op
```

Commit message:

Re-implement `shop. buildlimitextra` feature!

wiki/permissions.md, after:

To enable permission usage you must set `usePermissions` to `true` inside `config.yml`!

If you have permissions enabled, then by default players have NO permissions, and permissions are only granted to OP's.

**Available Permissions**
``` yaml
permissions:
    shop.use:
        description: Allows player to use all shops.
        default: op
    shop.use.sell:
        description: Allows player to use selling shops.
        default: op
    shop.use.buy:
        description: Allows player to use buying shops.
        default: op
    shop.use.barter:
        description: Allows player to use barter shops.
        default: op
    shop.use.combo:
        description: Allows player to use combo buy/sell shops.
        default: op
    shop.use.gamble:
        description: Allows player to use gambling shops.
        default: op

    shop.create:
        description: Allows player to create all shops.
        default: op
    shop.create.sell:
        description: Allows player to create selling shops.
        default: op
    shop.create.buy:
        description: Allows player to create buying shops.
        default: op
    shop.create.barter:
        description: Allows player to create barter shops.
        default: op
    shop.create.combo:
        description: Allows player to create combo shops that both buy and sell.
        default: op
    shop.create.gamble:
        description: Allows player to create admin gamble shops. Only give this permission to Operators!
        default: op

    shop.destroy:
        description: Allows player to destroy their own shops.
        default: op
    shop.destroy.other:
        description: Allows player to destroy other player's shops.
        default: op

    shop.buildlimit.#:
         description: Restricts the number of shops a player can create. For example shop.buildlimit.10 would limit players to creating 10 shops maximum. If multiple buildlimit permissions exist, ONLY the highest will be used.
    shop.buildlimitextra.#:
         description: Add an additional number of shops to the players build limit. For example shop.buildlimitextra.5 would grant players an additional 5 shops to their limit. If mulitple buildlimitextra permissions exist they will ALL be used and added together.

    shop.setdisplay:
         description: Allows player to set the display type on their shop (allows shop display cycling, see actionMappings in config.yml).
         default: op

    shop.gui.teleport:
         description: Allows player to use teleport to shops by using the gui.
         default: op

    shop.operator:
        description: Allows access to operator actions like setting currency, setting the gamble item, reloading configs, creating gamble/admin shops, etc.
        default: op
```
